Luke

Here are a few more key issues as I see them ...

1. Forum Post Preview, to allow users to preview and review their post for language and visual accuracy. This is a highly desired features as it is painfull to type and check a longer forum post (like the kind I promote) inside of this very very small forum edit html form textarea.

2. Increase forum edit textarea length / width.
   I recomend either a larger text area for everyone or a small, medium, very long text area setting for each user on ez.no, with a default of small or perhapse medium.

3. Forum Section : Layout / List Limits
   Location: http://www.ez.no/community/forum
   Problem: This view is a major section view, yet it only lists the 4 most recent threads per forum and wastes a lot of usable space which could be populated with more thread information per view to maximixe it's effectiveness for the users.
   Possible Solutions: 
   1) Forum / Category description text takes up a lot of realistate on the entire page.
    a) Remove the forum description from this view
    b) Reduce the size of the forum description text
     c) Move the last post lists to underneath the  the forum name / description to the farthest left hand side column.
    d) Move the Topics ( Topic / Thread Count) and Posts (Post Count) to the farthest right hand side column.
    d) Rename Topics to Threads (Easier for users to comprehend)
    e) Increase the Last Post List Limit to 7 - 10 posts per forum.
    f) Increase the width of the container of the Last Post List to double if not tripple the width (re: switching from a tight very small and hard to read list of threads / messages to a human readable / comprehendable (horizontaly width friendly based layout for the mini lists (re: less truncation of forum thread / message )
   2) Insert an a-name link into forum section introduction to the information at the bottom of the section (statistics / rules)
   

 cheers,
 //kracker

Conan O'Brian : Jessie Ventura (TV Interview Bit) : cob_ventura.mpeg 